Show while we're making our implementation we're going to use a great helping hand from PI both of three.
So what's it about pi both three PI both of three as you can see is a pythonic interface for AWOS both
of three.
That gives you all to complete on every service and you just didn't hurt or misunderstood it.
It is autocomplete feature for Python and both are three implementations and if we go down here and
as you can see if you define your type using pi both the three you can get the autocomplete beauty of
Python Id actually the PI charme ID.
And this is a beautiful way and a great way to implement python.
And both are three four AWOS.
And as you can see you can see the definitions and descriptions of methods using the shortcuts and you
can just give yourself a huge relief while implementing Python with both of three.
So all you have to do is Pipp install pide both three and you can just import both those three.
And then you can use it with PI both or three as your autocomplete.
So since I already have the PI both free and you can just simply install using Pipp install py both
are free.
I'm just going to go back to my ID and to see to give you a feel of what it looks like and what it feels
like.
So let's switch back to our ID and I'm going to create my R D S class.
So I'm going to create a new file as namely.
Yes.
And within that file I'm just going to define my art class and for my RDX class first thing that I have
to do is to get the client implementation of.
Yesterday i just did here with the Klein factory.
So within that initialiser method what I'm going to do is I'm going to pass in the client while I'm
calling this RLDS class and I'm going to inject declined to the client that I'm going to receive from
that method call.
So I'm going to say self-taught underscore client equals the client and the most important part in this
lecture with the PI both are three autocomplete part.
So to have that capability I'm going to go down under my self-doubt client equals client expression
and I'm going to put in three double quotes as you can see.
And within those double quotes I'm going to say type and as you can see IDs are completing and I can
say that PI both three dot are yes just like that.
This is all you have to do to have the PI both three capability for your ID.
So let's just create a simple method test method so that we can see how this works.
So I'm just going to call my client first of course and self-doubt underscore client and then when I
hit dot as you can see it is already up to completing my RTX client.
And as you can see Adderall to D-B cluster apply painting maintenance action and I can simply call any
of the methods from my both or three API documentation and the best part is when I hit enter you can
get the full mirthfulness full argument of the method you can work your way up from there just like
that.
It's a beautiful implementation with the Python and both all three.
So you definitely have to use this while implementing anything with Python and both of three we're going
to be making use of this within our lectures for both yes and Dynamo the.